c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\sportsdatabase.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\sportsdatabase.mdf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\sportsdatabase_log.ldf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\sportsdatabase.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\sportsdatabase.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form2.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.user.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Stadium.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Tournment.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.mainform.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sportsdatabase\sportsdatabase\obj\Debug\sportsdatabase.Form12.resources
